Feat dev stage (#34)
LesGars/WatchWithMe: README.md

    make configure # And then fill in your AWS Acces Key, AWS Secret Key, eu-west-3, json
```

#### Local development

To make sure that you can deploy your own version of the serverless stack to AWS without impacting on someone else branch, dev or prod use the Makefile command for deployment `make deploy` and for removal `make remove`.

They will check your current unix username with `id -un` and use that as the deployment stage.
ex: for me

```bash
$ id -un
michaelm
```

So If I run make deploy, a stage named michaelm will be used.

> This imply that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This implies
```

-   A new API Gateway stage named michaelm will be created

> -   All the function will be deployed with the according to the naming convention watch-with-me-michaelm-funciton_name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Functions will be deployed according to the naming convention watch-with-me-michaelm-function_name
```
